What else do you say that campus loans are for charity?
You are obviously usury
Exactly.
We are usury
Yaoyao, have you thought clearly now?
You owe me 36,000 now.
400 yuan per day
You?
Let's think about how to pay me back
Hahahaha
This is illegal.
I'm going to sue you.
Sure, tell him.
Don't you forget.
Your nude photos are in my hands
If you don't pay
worldwide
I can see your naked photos
Hahahaha
Brother, I beg you, please let me go, okay?
I made 8,000 bucks in summer vacation
I'll give it all to you, okay?
This strength is too high
I really can't afford it
Brother is not such a cruel person
How could I have the heart to let others see your naked photos?
So how will you meet people when you go out in the future?
But
Brother has a way
I don't know. Do you listen?
You don't have money, but
Can I enter?
What!
You are so beautiful
You're still so young!
500 a night.
This way you can still earn 100 and pay the interest
In less than a year, this 30,000 six, you know it all